# Plasma Burner Wallet ðŸ”¥

> A secure Plasma web wallet for super fast money transfers.

## Installation

The Plasma Burner Wallet runs on LeapDAO's test network. Installation should be
simple and straight forward:

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:leapdao/burner-wallet.git
$ npm i
$ npm run start
```

If you're experiencing issues in relation to HTTP, you can start the burner on
HTTPS by running:

```bash
$ HTTPS=true npm run start
```

## Contributing

LeapDAO is an open source community bringing scalability to Ethereum using
Plasma. LeapDAO is a mixture of Holocracy and multi-signature wallets. For
every issue that has a "bounty" label attached , you can earn DAI by doing the
work and subsequently requesting payouts in LeapDAO's Slack. To start working,
please sign up under http://join.leapdao.org.

### Adding a Market Maker

To exit LeapDAO's Plasma, marker makers are used. They buy a user's regular
Plasma exit (which usually takes 7 days to complete) and send the user the
respective currency on the main chain. This allows a user to exit a Plasma chain
within minutes!

To boost the liquidity of exiting LeapDAO's Plasma main network, we'd be more
than happy to add you as one of our market makers. To set one up:

1. Setup a [exit-marker-maker](https://github.com/leapdao/exit-market-maker)
1. Add yourself as a market maker to the config.js file.

## Why fork upstream?

[We believe that Plasma is superior to POA networks.](https://medium.com/@timdaub/why-you-shouldnt-ship-to-a-poa-network-7e2b5aa83aa9)

## Philosophy

Most cryptowallets suck! Hardware and software wallets alike. They require you
to note down seed phrases and protect those and your device from malicious
actors. Keeping large sums of your money in crypto today is a stressful and
scary experience.

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/leapdao/burner-wallet/master/assets/maximalists.jpeg)

Hence it is no surprise that Bitcoin maximalists eat paleo and arm themselves,
as after all they'll only survive late-stage capitalism and what's to come by
being able to defend themselves. 

But is "Trust no one" really a sustainable and efficient way to build the
society we'd like to life in? We don't think so!

The burner-wallet by Austin Griffith was created out of the need to have a
quick and easy way to pay your friends in crypto. Since then, Austin and
his team of voluntary contributors have done an amazing job in building out
UX-features that allow us to spend money easily and on-board even non-crypto
friends quickly. In building the wallet, Austin deliberately ignored all the
noise that is out there and focused on what truly provides value to his users.
A simple to use, lightweight web wallet. It is this that makes the burner-wallet
non-compatible to web3 dapps and most ERC20 tokens. Unfortunately, it's also
the reason why there was less focus on security.

The problem that's arising through this however is that while you might
be able to use it as your daily driver to send money to your friends quickly,
it doesn't resolve the now decade old problem of nobody wanting to be their own
bank.

Surely, it is tempting to be in full control of everything you own such that
not even the state can seize your capital. Unfortunately though, it's as
tempting as it is scary!

After all of Austin's evaluation and testing at crypto conferences however,
we've come to the conclusion that there's indeed a way to store crypto securely
and with peace of mind.

Much of our today's world is built on trust. Unfortunately though, much of our
trust has been put into large institutions that nowadays concentrate huge
amounts of power. Today there's "system-critical" banks, nation states, federal
reserves, social media giants and a fragile power grids.  We've built these
systems in a centralized fashion because we believed that meant efficiency and
safety for us all.

Many times in history however, we've had to learn the hard way that
concentrating risk and power in nuclear reactors, particular cities or even
sympathic leaders can and will lead to catastrophic outcomes for humanity as a
whole.

It is this collective memory, we think is the driver for decentralization and
all it's related memes. And it is you the reader of this document, that
intuitively was driven towards Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, because you've
intuitively understood that what's happening in the crypto space is not just
"for the lols", but actually really important for us all!

And so now you might be thinking: OK, get to be point, this is just a GitHub
repo with a bunch of code, loser. And while you might be right, we believe it
is also a chance to show the world that cryptocurrencies can indeed have a
great user experience without compromising safety.

It's now 2019, and so we've had enough time to get familiar with the
technology. We can now confidentially say what's "good" and what's "bad", and
yet still we pad ourselves on the backs for being "unopinionated". We'd like to
argue that it's time to stop!

If we want to on-board our friends and families to crypto currencies now
safely, and if we want them to use software backed by strong ethics, we'd like
to argue that it's now time to change our attitude and become opinionated.

Hence, we'd like to build the Plasma burner-wallet according to a set of strong
engineering principles to guarantee safety, performance and robustness while
steadily making improvements in user experience. At this point, there's no
easily skimmeable list of engineering principles we're promoting. In the future
there might be. For now though, we'd like to encourage you to think for
yourself why you're contributing to crypto and why you believe it will matter
in the future.

## License

MIT
